replace the local setup tutorial with a landscaper-cli quickstart tutorial (#332)
gardener/landscaper: docs/tutorials/00-landscaper-installation.md

# Install the Landscaper

This tutorial describes how to install the Landscaper on a Kubernetes cluster and optionally how to install an OCI registry
on a Gardener Shoot cluster.

### Prerequisites

- Kubernetes cluster
- Landscaper CLI (see the [installation documentation](https://github.com/gardener/landscapercli/blob/master/docs/installation.md))

> - This tutorial assumes that the landscaper will be installed in the namespace `landscaper`. The namespace has to created before the landscaper is being installed.

Reviewer: in our examples and tests we use the namespace `ls-system`. Where is this namespace defined? in the cli?
We should stick to one to not confuse people.

# Install the Landscaper

This tutorial describes how to install the Landscaper on a Kubernetes cluster and optionally how to install an OCI registry
on a Gardener Shoot cluster.

### Prerequisites

> - Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: isnt' it also required for the cluster to be a shoot when the registry is installed?
Or alternativly a ingress and a certificate management:

But I think we should mention that

Author: Yes, might be a bit confusing.
I have moved this prerequisite to alternative 2.
Alternative 1 requires a gardener shoot cluster with nginx ingress installed.
Alternative 2 expects an external OCI registry, therefore no ingress or cert manager is required.

- Landscaper CLI (see the [installation documentation](https://github.com/gardener/landscapercli/blob/master/docs/installation.md))

> - This tutorial assumes that the landscaper will be installed in the namespace `ls-system`. The namespace has to created before the landscaper is being installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This tutorial assumes that the landscaper will be installed in the namespace `ls-system`. The namespace has to be created before the landscaper is being installed.
```

### Install the Landscaper

This tutorial uses the `landscaper-cli` `quickstart` command. For additional details please see the [documentation](https://github.com/gardener/landscapercli/blob/master/docs/commands/quickstart/install.md).

#### Alternative 1: Install with OCI registry

The `landscaper-cli` can install the Landscaper together with an OCI registry. The OCI registry will be exposed by an ingress.

##### Prerequisites

> - The target cluster must be a Gardener Shoot (TLS is provided via the Gardener cert manager). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The target cluster must be a Gardener Shoot (TLS certificate is provided via the Gardener cert manager). 
```

- A nginx ingress controller must be deployed in the target cluster
- The command "htpasswd" must be installed on your local machine.

First the helm values for the Landscaper configuration (`landscaper-values.yaml`) have to be created:

```yaml
landscaper:
    landscaper:
      registryConfig:
        cache: {}
        allowPlainHttpRegistries: false
        insecureSkipVerify: false
      
      deployers: 
      - container
      - helm
      - manifest

      deployerManagement:
        disable: false
        namespace: ls-system
        agent:
          disable: false
          namespace: ls-system
```

> This tutorial assumes that the OCI registry usernames is store in environment variable `REGISTRY_USER` and the password is stored in environment variable `REGISTRY_PASSWORD`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial assumes that the OCI registry username is stored in environment variable `REGISTRY_USER` and the password is stored in environment variable `REGISTRY_PASSWORD`.
```

It might take some minutes until the TLS certificate is created
```

To test the OCI registry is working, issue the following command:

```shell script
curl --location --request GET https://o.ingress.cluster-domain/v2/_catalog -u "${REGISTRY_USER}:${REGISTRY_PASSWORD}
```

This should give the output:

```json
{"repositories":[]}
```

#### Alternative 2: Install using an external OCI registry

##### Prerequisites

- An OCI registry that implements the [OCI Distribution Specification](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec).

First the helm values for the Landscaper configuration (`landscaper-values.yaml`) have to be created:

```yaml
landscaper:
    landscaper:
      registryConfig:
        cache: {}
        allowPlainHttpRegistries: false
        insecureSkipVerify: false
        secrets:
          default: {
            "auths": {
              "hostname": {
                "auth": "my auth"
              }
            }
          }
      
      deployers: 
      - container
      - helm
      - manifest

      deployerManagement:
        disable: false
        namespace: ls-system
        agent:
          disable: false
          namespace: ls-system
```

> The registry secrets have to be provided in a plain Docker auth JSON format. See [here](../gettingstarted/install-landscaper-controller.md#Private registry access) for more details.

Reviewer 2: The referenced documentation does not describe which section in `landscaper-values.yaml` to use for configuring the registry secrets. Here you find `landscaper.landscaper.registrySecrets` but this differs from `landscaper.landscaper.registryConfig.secrets`.

Author: It seems that the refernced documentation is wrong with `landscaper.landscaper.registrySecrets`.
`landscaper.landscaper.registryConfig.secrets`is correct.
I will fix the referenced doc in a separate PR.

> To install the Landscaper and the OCI container registry, use the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install the Landscaper with the credentials for the OCI container registry, use the following command:
```
